Add information about obtaining connection string (#31565)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-databricks/databricks-sentiment-analysis-cognitive-services.md

- An Azure Event Hubs namespace.
- An Event Hub within the namespace.
- Connection string to access the Event Hubs namespace. The connection string should have a format similar to `Endpoint=sb://<namespace>.servicebus.windows.net/;SharedAccessKeyName=<key name>;SharedAccessKey=<key value>`.

> - Shared access policy name and policy key for Event Hubs: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/event-hubs/event-hubs-get-connection-string#get-connection-string-from-the-portal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Shared access policy name and policy key for Event Hubs](../event-hubs/event-hubs-get-connection-string.md#get-connection-string-from-the-portal)
```
